Celene/pull v1.0 main (#801)
DataDog/datadog-operator: docs/configuration.v2alpha1.md

| [key].containers.[key].securityContext.windowsOptions.hostProcess | HostProcess determines if a container should be run as a 'Host Process' container. This field is alpha-level and will only be honored by components that enable the WindowsHostProcessContainers feature flag. Setting this field without the feature flag will result in errors when validating the Pod. All of a Pod's containers must have the same effective HostProcess value (it is not allowed to have a mix of HostProcess containers and non-HostProcess containers).  In addition, if HostProcess is true then HostNetwork must also be set to true. |
| [key].containers.[key].securityContext.windowsOptions.runAsUserName | The UserName in Windows to run the entrypoint of the container process. Defaults to the user specified in image metadata if unspecified. May also be set in PodSecurityContext. If set in both SecurityContext and PodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence. |
| [key].containers.[key].volumeMounts `[]object` | Specify additional volume mounts in the container. |
| [key].createRbac | Set CreateRbac to false to prevent automatic creation of Role/ClusterRole for this component |

> | [key].customConfigurations `map[string]object` | CustomConfiguration allows to specify custom configuration files for `datadog.yaml`, `datadog-cluster.yaml`, `security-agent.yaml`, and `system-probe.yaml`. The content will be merged with configuration generated by the Datadog Operator, with priority given to custom configuration. WARNING: It's thus possible to override values set in the `DatadogAgent`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [key].customConfigurations `map[string]object` | CustomConfiguration allows to specify custom configuration files for `datadog.yaml`, `datadog-cluster.yaml`, `security-agent.yaml`, and `system-probe.yaml`. The content is merged with configuration generated by the Datadog Operator, with priority given to custom configuration. WARNING: It is possible to override values set in the `DatadogAgent`. |
```

| [key].customConfigurations.[key].configData | ConfigData corresponds to the configuration file content. |
| [key].customConfigurations.[key].configMap.items | Items maps a ConfigMap data key to a file path mount. |
| [key].customConfigurations.[key].configMap.name | Name is the name of the ConfigMap. |
| [key].disabled | Disabled force disables a component. |

> | [key].env `[]object` | Specify additional environmental variables for all containers in this component Priority is Container > Component See also: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/kubernetes/?tab=helm#environment-variables |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [key].env `[]object` | Specify additional environmental variables for all containers in this component. Priority is Container > Component. See also: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/kubernetes/?tab=helm#environment-variables |
```

| [key].extraChecksd.configDataMap | ConfigDataMap corresponds to the content of the configuration files. They key should be the filename the contents get mounted to; for instance check.py or check.yaml. |
| [key].extraChecksd.configMap.items | Items maps a ConfigMap data key to a file path mount. |
| [key].extraChecksd.configMap.name | Name is the name of the ConfigMap. |

> | [key].extraConfd.configDataMap | ConfigDataMap corresponds to the content of the configuration files. They key should be the filename the contents get mounted to; for instance check.py or check.yaml. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [key].extraConfd.configDataMap | ConfigDataMap corresponds to the content of the configuration files. The key should be the filename the contents get mounted to; for instance check.py or check.yaml. |
```

| [key].extraConfd.configMap.items | Items maps a ConfigMap data key to a file path mount. |
| [key].extraConfd.configMap.name | Name is the name of the ConfigMap. |
| [key].hostNetwork | Host networking requested for this pod. Use the host's network namespace. |

> | [key].hostPID | Use the host's pid namespace. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [key].hostPID | Use the host's PID namespace. |
```

| [key].image.jmxEnabled | Define whether the Agent image should support JMX. To be used if the Name field does not correspond to a full image string. |

> | [key].image.name | Define the image to use: Use "gcr.io/datadoghq/agent:latest" for Datadog Agent 7. Use "datadog/dogstatsd:latest" for standalone Datadog Agent DogStatsD 7. Use "gcr.io/datadoghq/cluster-agent:latest" for Datadog Cluster Agent. Use "agent" with the registry and tag configurations for <registry>/agent:<tag>. Use "cluster-agent" with the registry and tag configurations for <registry>/cluster-agent:<tag>. If the name is full image string - `<name>:<tag>` or `<registry>/<name>:<tag>`, `tag` and `jmxEnabled` values are ignored, so is `global.registry`. Otherwise, image string is created by overriding default settings with supplied `name`, `tag` and `jmxEnabled` values; image string is created using default registry unless `global.registry` is configured. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [key].image.name | Define the image to use: Use "gcr.io/datadoghq/agent:latest" for Datadog Agent 7. Use "datadog/dogstatsd:latest" for standalone Datadog Agent DogStatsD 7. Use "gcr.io/datadoghq/cluster-agent:latest" for Datadog Cluster Agent. Use "agent" with the registry and tag configurations for <registry>/agent:<tag>. Use "cluster-agent" with the registry and tag configurations for <registry>/cluster-agent:<tag>. If the name is full image string - `<name>:<tag>` or `<registry>/<name>:<tag>`, then `tag`, `jmxEnabled`, and `global.registry` values are ignored. Otherwise, image string is created by overriding default settings with supplied `name`, `tag`, and `jmxEnabled` values; image string is created using default registry unless `global.registry` is configured. |
```

> | [key].image.pullPolicy | The Kubernetes pull policy: Use Always, Never or IfNotPresent. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [key].image.pullPolicy | The Kubernetes pull policy: Use Always, Never, or IfNotPresent. |
```

| [key].image.pullSecrets | It is possible to specify Docker registry credentials. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images/#specifying-imagepullsecrets-on-a-pod |
| [key].image.tag | Define the image tag to use. To be used if the Name field does not correspond to a full image string. |
| [key].labels `map[string]string` | AdditionalLabels provide labels that will be added to the different component (Datadog Agent, Cluster Agent, Cluster Check Runner) pods. |
| [key].name | Name overrides the default name for the resource |
| [key].nodeSelector `map[string]string` | NodeSelector is a selector which must be true for the pod to fit on a node. Selector which must match a node's labels for the pod to be scheduled on that node. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/assign-pod-node/ |

> | [key].priorityClassName | If specified, indicates the pod's priority. "system-node-critical" and "system-cluster-critical" are two special keywords which indicate the highest priorities with the former being the highest priority. Any other name must be defined by creating a PriorityClass object with that name. If not specified, the pod priority will be default or zero if there is no default. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [key].priorityClassName | If specified, indicates the pod's priority. "system-node-critical" and "system-cluster-critical" are two special keywords which indicate the highest priorities with the former being the highest priority. Any other name must be defined by creating a PriorityClass object with that name. If not specified, the pod priority is default, or zero if there is no default. |
```

| [key].replicas | Number of the replicas. Not applicable for a DaemonSet/ExtendedDaemonSet deployment |

> | [key].securityContext.fsGroup | A special supplemental group that applies to all containers in a pod. Some volume types allow the Kubelet to change the ownership of that volume to be owned by the pod:  1. The owning GID will be the FSGroup 2. The setgid bit is set (new files created in the volume will be owned by FSGroup) 3. The permission bits are OR'd with rw-rw----  If unset, the Kubelet will not modify the ownership and permissions of any volume. Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [key].securityContext.fsGroup | A special supplemental group that applies to all containers in a pod. Some volume types allow the Kubelet to change the ownership of that volume to be owned by the pod: 1. The owning GID is the FSGroup 2. The setgid bit is set (new files created in the volume will be owned by FSGroup) 3. The permission bits are OR'd with rw-rw----.  If unset, the Kubelet does not modify the ownership and permissions of any volume. Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is "windows". |
```

> | [key].securityContext.fsGroupChangePolicy | fsGroupChangePolicy defines behavior of changing ownership and permission of the volume before being exposed inside Pod. This field will only apply to volume types which support fsGroup based ownership(and permissions). It will have no effect on ephemeral volume types such as: secret, configmaps and emptydir. Valid values are "OnRootMismatch" and "Always". If not specified, "Always" is used. Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [key].securityContext.fsGroupChangePolicy | fsGroupChangePolicy defines behavior of changing ownership and permission of the volume before being exposed inside Pod. This field only applies to volume types which support fsGroup based ownership(and permissions). It has no effect on ephemeral volume types such as secret, configmaps, and emptydir. Valid values are "OnRootMismatch" and "Always". If not specified, "Always" is used. Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is "windows". |
```

> | [key].securityContext.runAsGroup | The GID to run the entrypoint of the container process. Uses runtime default if unset. May also be set in SecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext and PodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence for that container. Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [key].securityContext.runAsGroup | The GID to run the entrypoint of the container process. Uses runtime default if unset. May also be set in SecurityContext. If set in both SecurityContext and PodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence for that container. Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is "windows". |
```

> | [key].securityContext.runAsNonRoot | Indicates that the container must run as a non-root user. If true, the Kubelet will validate the image at runtime to ensure that it does not run as UID 0 (root) and fail to start the container if it does. If unset or false, no such validation will be performed. May also be set in SecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext and PodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [key].securityContext.runAsNonRoot | Indicates that the container must run as a non-root user. If true, the Kubelet validates the image at runtime to ensure that it does not run as UID 0 (root) and fail to start the container if it does. If unset or false, no such validation is performed. May also be set in SecurityContext. If set in both SecurityContext and PodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence. |
```

> | [key].securityContext.runAsUser | The UID to run the entrypoint of the container process. Defaults to user specified in image metadata if unspecified. May also be set in SecurityContext.  If set in both SecurityContext and PodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence for that container. Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [key].securityContext.runAsUser | The UID to run the entrypoint of the container process. Defaults to user specified in image metadata if unspecified. May also be set in SecurityContext. If set in both SecurityContext and PodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence for that container. Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. |
```

> | [key].securityContext.seLinuxOptions.level | Level is SELinux level label that applies to the container. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [key].securityContext.seLinuxOptions.level | Level is an SELinux level label that applies to the container. |
```

> | [key].securityContext.seLinuxOptions.role | Role is a SELinux role label that applies to the container. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [key].securityContext.seLinuxOptions.role | Role is an SELinux role label that applies to the container. |
```

> | [key].securityContext.seLinuxOptions.type | Type is a SELinux type label that applies to the container. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [key].securityContext.seLinuxOptions.type | Type is an SELinux type label that applies to the container. |
```

> | [key].securityContext.seLinuxOptions.user | User is a SELinux user label that applies to the container. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [key].securityContext.seLinuxOptions.user | User is an SELinux user label that applies to the container. |
```

| [key].securityContext.seccompProfile.localhostProfile | localhostProfile indicates a profile defined in a file on the node should be used. The profile must be preconfigured on the node to work. Must be a descending path, relative to the kubelet's configured seccomp profile location. Must only be set if type is "Localhost". |
| [key].securityContext.seccompProfile.type | type indicates which kind of seccomp profile will be applied. Valid options are:  Localhost - a profile defined in a file on the node should be used. RuntimeDefault - the container runtime default profile should be used. Unconfined - no profile should be applied. |

> | [key].securityContext.supplementalGroups | A list of groups applied to the first process run in each container, in addition to the container's primary GID.  If unspecified, no groups will be added to any container. Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [key].securityContext.supplementalGroups | A list of groups applied to the first process run in each container, in addition to the container's primary GID. If unspecified, no groups are added to any container. Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is "windows". |
```

> | [key].securityContext.sysctls | Sysctls hold a list of namespaced sysctls used for the pod. Pods with unsupported sysctls (by the container runtime) might fail to launch. Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is windows. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [key].securityContext.sysctls | Sysctls hold a list of namespaced sysctls used for the pod. Pods with unsupported sysctls (by the container runtime) might fail to launch. Note that this field cannot be set when spec.os.name is "windows". |
```

| [key].securityContext.windowsOptions.gmsaCredentialSpec | GMSACredentialSpec is where the GMSA admission webhook (https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/windows-gmsa) inlines the contents of the GMSA credential spec named by the GMSACredentialSpecName field. |
| [key].securityContext.windowsOptions.gmsaCredentialSpecName | GMSACredentialSpecName is the name of the GMSA credential spec to use. |

> | [key].securityContext.windowsOptions.hostProcess | HostProcess determines if a container should be run as a 'Host Process' container. This field is alpha-level and will only be honored by components that enable the WindowsHostProcessContainers feature flag. Setting this field without the feature flag will result in errors when validating the Pod. All of a Pod's containers must have the same effective HostProcess value (it is not allowed to have a mix of HostProcess containers and non-HostProcess containers).  In addition, if HostProcess is true then HostNetwork must also be set to true. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [key].securityContext.windowsOptions.hostProcess | HostProcess determines if a container should be run as a 'Host Process' container. This field is alpha-level and is only honored by components that enable the WindowsHostProcessContainers feature flag. Setting this field without the feature flag results in errors when validating the Pod. All of a Pod's containers must have the same effective HostProcess value (it is not allowed to have a mix of HostProcess containers and non-HostProcess containers). In addition, if HostProcess is true, then HostNetwork must also be set to true. |
```

| [key].securityContext.windowsOptions.runAsUserName | The UserName in Windows to run the entrypoint of the container process. Defaults to the user specified in image metadata if unspecified. May also be set in PodSecurityContext. If set in both SecurityContext and PodSecurityContext, the value specified in SecurityContext takes precedence. |

> | [key].securityContextConstraints.create | Create defines whether to create a SecurityContextConstraints for the current component. If CustomConfiguration is not set, setting Create to `true` will create a default SCC. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [key].securityContextConstraints.create | Create defines whether to create a SecurityContextConstraints for the current component. If CustomConfiguration is not set, setting Create to `true` creates a default SCC. |
```

| [key].securityContextConstraints.customConfiguration.allowHostDirVolumePlugin | AllowHostDirVolumePlugin determines if the policy allow containers to use the HostDir volume plugin |

> | [key].securityContextConstraints.customConfiguration.allowHostIPC | AllowHostIPC determines if the policy allows host ipc in the containers. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [key].securityContextConstraints.customConfiguration.allowHostIPC | AllowHostIPC determines if the policy allows host IPC in the containers. |
```

| [key].securityContextConstraints.customConfiguration.allowHostNetwork | AllowHostNetwork determines if the policy allows the use of HostNetwork in the pod spec. |

> | [key].securityContextConstraints.customConfiguration.allowHostPID | AllowHostPID determines if the policy allows host pid in the containers. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [key].securityContextConstraints.customConfiguration.allowHostPID | AllowHostPID determines if the policy allows host PID in the containers. |
```

| [key].securityContextConstraints.customConfiguration.allowHostPorts | AllowHostPorts determines if the policy allows host ports in the containers. |
| [key].securityContextConstraints.customConfiguration.allowPrivilegedContainer | AllowPrivilegedContainer determines if a container can request to be run as privileged. |
| [key].securityContextConstraints.customConfiguration.allowedCapabilities | AllowedCapabilities is a list of capabilities that can be requested to add to the container. Capabilities in this field maybe added at the pod author's discretion. You must not list a capability in both AllowedCapabilities and RequiredDropCapabilities. To allow all capabilities you may use '*'. |

> | [key].securityContextConstraints.customConfiguration.allowedFlexVolumes | AllowedFlexVolumes is a whitelist of allowed Flexvolumes.  Empty or nil indicates that all Flexvolumes may be used.  This parameter is effective only when the usage of the Flexvolumes is allowed in the "Volumes" field. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [key].securityContextConstraints.customConfiguration.allowedFlexVolumes | AllowedFlexVolumes is a list of allowed FlexVolumes. Empty or nil indicates that all FlexVolumes may be used.  This parameter is effective only when the usage of the FlexVolumes is allowed in the "Volumes" field. |
```

| [key].securityContextConstraints.customConfiguration.apiVersion | APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources |

> | [key].securityContextConstraints.customConfiguration.defaultAddCapabilities | DefaultAddCapabilities is the default set of capabilities that will be added to the container unless the pod spec specifically drops the capability.  You may not list a capabiility in both DefaultAddCapabilities and RequiredDropCapabilities. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [key].securityContextConstraints.customConfiguration.defaultAddCapabilities | DefaultAddCapabilities is the default set of capabilities that are added to the container unless the pod spec specifically drops the capability. You may not list a capability in both DefaultAddCapabilities and RequiredDropCapabilities. |
```

> | [key].securityContextConstraints.customConfiguration.fsGroup.ranges | Ranges are the allowed ranges of fs groups.  If you would like to force a single fs group then supply a single range with the same start and end. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [key].securityContextConstraints.customConfiguration.fsGroup.ranges | Ranges are the allowed ranges of FS groups. If you would like to force a single FS group, supply a single range with the same start and end. |
```

> | [key].securityContextConstraints.customConfiguration.fsGroup.type | Type is the strategy that will dictate what FSGroup is used in the SecurityContext. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [key].securityContextConstraints.customConfiguration.fsGroup.type | Type is the strategy that dictates what FS Group is used in the SecurityContext. |
```

| [key].securityContextConstraints.customConfiguration.groups | The groups that have permission to use this security context constraints |
| [key].securityContextConstraints.customConfiguration.kind | Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds |
| [key].securityContextConstraints.customConfiguration.metadata | Standard object's metadata. More info: http://releases.k8s.io/HEAD/docs/devel/api-conventions.md#metadata |

> | [key].securityContextConstraints.customConfiguration.priority | Priority influences the sort order of SCCs when evaluating which SCCs to try first for a given pod request based on access in the Users and Groups fields.  The higher the int, the higher priority. An unset value is considered a 0 priority. If scores for multiple SCCs are equal they will be sorted from most restrictive to least restrictive. If both priorities and restrictions are equal the SCCs will be sorted by name. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [key].securityContextConstraints.customConfiguration.priority | Priority influences the sort order of SCCs when evaluating which SCCs to try first for a given pod request based on access in the Users and Groups fields. The higher the int, the higher priority. An unset value is considered a 0 priority. If scores for multiple SCCs are equal, they are sorted from most restrictive to least restrictive. If both priorities and restrictions are equal, the SCCs are sorted by name. |
```
